README.md, before:



## Hi 👋, I'm Robbie Coenmans

I am a solution architect working for Avanade and based in The Netherlands. I focus mainly on integration architectures on Azure. 

### Articles

- [Azure API Management Standard v2 Secure Baseline - Reference Implementation]()

### Languages and tools

<a href="https://portal.azure.com">
    <img align="left" alt="Azure" width="28px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@12.4.0/icons/microsoftazure.svg" />
</a>

<a href="https://code.visualstudio.com">
    <img align="left" alt="VS Code" width="28px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@12.4.0/icons/visualstudiocode.svg" />
</a>

<a href="https://kubernetes.io">
    <img align="left" alt="Kubernetes" width="28px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@16.4.0/icons/kubernetes.svg" />
</a>

<a href="https://helm.sh">
    <img align="left" alt="Helm" width="28px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@16.4.0/icons/helm.svg" />
</a>

<a href="https://docker.com">
    <img align="left" alt="Docker" width="28px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@16.4.0/icons/docker.svg" />
</a>

<a href="https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform">
    <img align="left" alt="Terraform" width="28px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@16.4.0/icons/terraform.svg" />
</a>

<a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/scripting/overview">
    <img align="left" alt="Powershell" width="28px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@12.4.0/icons/powershell.svg" />
</a>

<a href="https://devops.azure.com">
    <img align="left" alt="Azure DevOps" width="28px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@12.4.0/icons/azuredevops.svg" />
</a>

<a href="https://github.com">
    <img align="left" alt="GitHub" width="28px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@16.4.0/icons/github.svg" />
</a> 

<a href="https://gitlab.com">
    <img align="left" alt="GitLab" width="28px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@16.4.0/icons/gitlab.svg" />
</a>

<a href="https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/languages/csharp">
    <img align="left" alt="C#" width="28px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@12.4.0/icons/csharp.svg" />
</a>

<a href="https://www.python.org">
    <img align="left" alt="Python" width="28px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@16.4.0/icons/python.svg" />
</a>

<a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org">
    <img align="left" alt="Typescript" width="28px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@16.4.0/icons/typescript.svg" />
</a>

Commit message:

Add tools and libraries section to README
Added a new section for tools and libraries with relevant links.

README.md, after:



## Hi 👋, I'm Robbie Coenmans

I am a solution architect working for Avanade and based in The Netherlands. I focus mainly on integration architectures on Azure. 

### Articles

- [Azure API Management Standard v2 Secure Baseline - Reference Implementation]()
- [Migrating from JIRA to Azure DevOps](https://github.com/rcoenmans/jira-to-vsts-migration)

### Tools and libraries

- [VSTS/TFS client library for Python](https://github.com/rcoenmans/vsts-client)
- [JIRA client library for Python](https://github.com/rcoenmans/jira-client)
- [Azure CosmosDB SQL client library for Python](https://github.com/rcoenmans/azure-cosmosdb-sql-python)
- [PEM to PKCS12 conversion utility](https://github.com/rcoenmans/pkcsutil)

### Languages and tools

<a href="https://portal.azure.com">
    <img align="left" alt="Azure" width="28px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@12.4.0/icons/microsoftazure.svg" />
</a>

<a href="https://code.visualstudio.com">
    <img align="left" alt="VS Code" width="28px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@12.4.0/icons/visualstudiocode.svg" />
</a>

<a href="https://kubernetes.io">
    <img align="left" alt="Kubernetes" width="28px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@16.4.0/icons/kubernetes.svg" />
</a>

<a href="https://helm.sh">
    <img align="left" alt="Helm" width="28px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@16.4.0/icons/helm.svg" />
</a>

<a href="https://docker.com">
    <img align="left" alt="Docker" width="28px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@16.4.0/icons/docker.svg" />
</a>

<a href="https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform">
    <img align="left" alt="Terraform" width="28px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@16.4.0/icons/terraform.svg" />
</a>

<a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/scripting/overview">
    <img align="left" alt="Powershell" width="28px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@12.4.0/icons/powershell.svg" />
</a>

<a href="https://devops.azure.com">
    <img align="left" alt="Azure DevOps" width="28px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@12.4.0/icons/azuredevops.svg" />
</a>

<a href="https://github.com">
    <img align="left" alt="GitHub" width="28px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@16.4.0/icons/github.svg" />
</a> 

<a href="https://gitlab.com">
    <img align="left" alt="GitLab" width="28px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@16.4.0/icons/gitlab.svg" />
</a>

<a href="https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/languages/csharp">
    <img align="left" alt="C#" width="28px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@12.4.0/icons/csharp.svg" />
</a>

<a href="https://www.python.org">
    <img align="left" alt="Python" width="28px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@16.4.0/icons/python.svg" />
</a>

<a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org">
    <img align="left" alt="Typescript" width="28px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@16.4.0/icons/typescript.svg" />
</a>
